ICU-22409 Update README.md for Maven build (#2489)
unicode-org/icu: icu4j/maven-build/README.md

If you want to run only a specific test(s), use the `-Dtest="<test>"` option, where `<test>` can be a test name, a class name / package prefix, or a comma-separate list of them.

If you want to skip tests, use the `-DskipTests=true` option.

#### Special Note about the Resources

> Currently, the Maven buuld read the resources NOT from [icu4j/main/shared/data/icudata.jar]() but from the individual files checked into [icu4j/maven-build/maven-icu4j-datafiles/src/main/resources/com/ibm/icu/impl/data/icudt73b](https://github.com/unicode-org/icu/tree/main/icu4j/maven-build/maven-icu4j-datafiles/src/main/resources/com/ibm/icu/impl/data/icudt73b) directory. Therefore, if your PR changed the resources inside icudata.jar, you also need to update the corresponding resources files in order for your test to passed in maven build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the Maven build reads the resources NOT from `icu4j/main/shared/data/icudata.jar` but from the individual files checked into [icu4j/maven-build/maven-icu4j-datafiles/src/main/resources/com/ibm/icu/impl/data/icudt73b](https://github.com/unicode-org/icu/tree/main/icu4j/maven-build/maven-icu4j-datafiles/src/main/resources/com/ibm/icu/impl/data/icudt73b) directory (when the version of ICU is 73). Therefore, if your PR changed any resource data files (ex: the ones contained within`icudata.jar`), you also need to update the corresponding resources files in order for your test to pass in the Maven build.
```

> Currently, the Maven build reads the resources NOT from `icu4j/main/shared/data/icudata.jar` but from the individual files checked into [icu4j/maven-build/maven-icu4j-datafiles/src/main/resources/com/ibm/icu/impl/data/icudt73b](https://github.com/unicode-org/icu/tree/main/icu4j/maven-build/maven-icu4j-datafiles/src/main/resources/com/ibm/icu/impl/data/icudt73b) directory (when the version of ICU is 73). Therefore, if your PR changed any resource data files (ex: the ones contained within`icudata.jar`), you also need to update the corresponding resources files in order for your test to pass in the Maven build.

Reviewer 2: You can also add that in the `icu4j/maven-build` folder there is a script named `extract-data-files.sh` that one can use for the update.

Reviewer 2: And if you go there, maybe make the script executable, because it is not :-)
```
git update-index --chmod=+x extract-data-files.sh
```

Reviewer 2: This does not look like resolved, as resolving it would change `extract-data-files.sh`, which is not part of this PR.
But this comment was not really related to updating the README, so I will approve as is.

> #### Run a single test

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: for completeness you might also add how to run a method:
``
mvn test -Dtest="ULocaleTest#TestGetAvailableByType" -DfailIfNoTests=false
```

There are test classes with many test methods, that can save some time for some people.

```
mvn test -Dtest="ULocaleTest" -DfailIfNoTests=false
```
or
```
mvn test -Dtest="com.ibm.icu.dev.test.util.ULocaleTest" -DfailIfNoTests=false
```
#### Run multiple tests
Either
```
mvn test -Dtest="RBBI*" -DfailIfNoTests=false
mvn test -Dtest="*Locale*" -DfailIfNoTests=false
```
or
```
mvn test -Dtest="*Locale*,RBBI*" -DfailIfNoTests=false
```

> Notice the package name is not important in the regular expression expanasion so the following will NOT match any tests

Reviewer: praise: good point
